README.md, before:

# post-production-scripts
Collection of Python (compatible with Python2.7 and Python3.x) scripts for audio post-production, including batch rename, EDL management etc.
1. [correct_edl.py](#correct_edlpy)
2. [rename_mixer_files.py](#rename_mixer_filespy)
3. [tracks_to_csv.py](#tracks_to_csvpy)

## correct_edl.py
Replaces strings in `*FROM CLIP NAME` field of the EDL, accroding to the dictionary from the `.json` file. Corrected EDL is written to the new file, with `.corrected` added to the filename. Lines, starting with `*SOURCE FILE` are omitted. Main event lines are leaved unchanged.  
Example edl's are provided in `edl` folder.

#### Usage
```python correct_edl.py [--dict dict.json] [--stat] edl```  
The dictionary can be updated, just maintain the given in the example format:  
```'REPLACE_THIS.MXF': 'WITH CORRECT CLIP NAME'```
#### Options
* You can specify dictionary file with `--dict dictfilename.json` option.
* Use `--stat` option to print out all replacements.
* Path to original edl is passed after all options.

## rename_mixer_files.py
Batch rename files from format:  
``` 05-5-160928_1009.wav```  
to:  
```1009_05-5-160928.wav```  
where `1009` - recording time, `05-5` - channel number, `160928` - shooting date.  

This was done to group files by takes (recording time).  
Sample empty `.wav` files are provided in `files` folder.
#### Usage
```python rename_mixer_files.py [--rename] path_to_dir```
#### Options
* Use `--rename` option to rename files. Without this option changes are only previewed.
* Scpecify path folder with files.

It's strongly recommended to try the script without renaming, to preview what changes could be done.

## tracks_to_csv.py
This scripts converts `.txt` file, that could be exported from Pro Tools using *Export Session Info as Text* command, into `.csv` file.
This CSV file can be easily opened with Numbers.app or Excel.
#### Usage
```python tracks_to_csv.py [--tracks] input.txt```

#### Options
There are two formats available:
1. With `TRACK_NAME` column as one table.

| TRACK_NAME 	| EVENT 	| CLIP_NAME     	| START       	| END         	| DURATION    	|
|------------	|-------	|---------------	|-------------	|-------------	|-------------	|
| JOHN       	| 1     	| TOO NOISY     	| 01:03:28:04 	| 01:03:46:03 	| 00:00:17:24 	|
| JOHN       	| 2     	| BAD ACTING    	| 01:09:00:07 	| 01:09:50:24 	| 00:00:50:17 	|
| MARY       	| 1     	| OUTDOOR NOISE 	| 01:16:18:01 	| 01:16:21:13 	| 00:00:03:12 	|
| MARY       	| 2     	| OUTDOOR NOISE 	| 01:18:48:17 	| 01:18:49:23 	| 00:00:01:06 	|
| MARY       	| 3     	| NOT SURE???   	| 03:00:00:00 	| 03:01:28:08 	| 00:01:28:08 	|
2. Grouped by `TRACK NAME` with `[--tracks]` option.

| TRACK NAME: 	| JOHN          	| START       	| END         	| DURATION    	|
|-------------	|---------------	|-------------	|-------------	|-------------	|
| 1           	| TOO NOISY     	| 01:00:11:18 	| 01:01:22:05 	| 00:01:10:11 	|
| 2           	| BAD ACTING    	| 05:11:28:07 	| 05:11:48:19 	| 00:00:20:12 	|
|             	|               	|             	|             	|             	|
| TRACK NAME: 	| MARY          	| START       	| END         	| DURATION    	|
| 1           	| OUTDOOR NOISE 	| 01:03:28:04 	| 01:03:46:03 	| 00:00:17:24 	|
| 2           	| NOT SURE???   	| 01:09:00:07 	| 01:09:50:24 	| 00:00:50:17 	|
| 3           	| TOO NOISY     	| 05:01:56:13 	| 05:02:32:17 	| 00:00:36:04 	|

Commit message:

Update usage of tracks_to_csv.py

README.md, after:

# post-production-scripts
Collection of Python (compatible with Python2.7 and Python3.x) scripts for audio post-production, including batch rename, EDL management etc.
1. [correct_edl.py](#correct_edlpy)
2. [rename_mixer_files.py](#rename_mixer_filespy)
3. [tracks_to_csv.py](#tracks_to_csvpy)

## correct_edl.py
Replaces strings in `*FROM CLIP NAME` field of the EDL, accroding to the dictionary from the `.json` file. Corrected EDL is written to the new file, with `.corrected` added to the filename. Lines, starting with `*SOURCE FILE` are omitted. Main event lines are leaved unchanged.  
Example edl's are provided in `edl` folder.

#### Usage
```python correct_edl.py [--dict dict.json] [--stat] edl```  
The dictionary can be updated, just maintain the given in the example format:  
```'REPLACE_THIS.MXF': 'WITH CORRECT CLIP NAME'```
#### Options
* You can specify dictionary file with `--dict dictfilename.json` option.
* Use `--stat` option to print out all replacements.
* Path to original edl is passed after all options.

## rename_mixer_files.py
Batch rename files from format:  
``` 05-5-160928_1009.wav```  
to:  
```1009_05-5-160928.wav```  
where `1009` - recording time, `05-5` - channel number, `160928` - shooting date.  

This was done to group files by takes (recording time).  
Sample empty `.wav` files are provided in `files` folder.
#### Usage
```python rename_mixer_files.py [--rename] path_to_dir```
#### Options
* Use `--rename` option to rename files. Without this option changes are only previewed.
* Scpecify path folder with files.

It's strongly recommended to try the script without renaming, to preview what changes could be done.

## tracks_to_csv.py
This scripts converts `.txt` file, that could be exported from Pro Tools using *Export Session Info as Text* command, into `.csv` file.
This CSV file can be easily opened with Numbers.app or Excel.
#### Usage
```
usage: tracks_to_csv.py [-h] [-t] textfile

Converts '.txt' file from Pro Tools 'Export Session Info as Text' command to
'.csv' file

positional arguments:
  textfile      session info text file from Pro Tools

optional arguments:
  -h, --help    show this help message and exit
  -t, --tracks  skip TRACK_NAME column, group by tracks instead
```

#### Options
There are two formats available:
1. With `TRACK_NAME` column as one table.

| TRACK_NAME 	| EVENT 	| CLIP_NAME     	| START       	| END         	| DURATION    	|
|------------	|-------	|---------------	|-------------	|-------------	|-------------	|
| JOHN       	| 1     	| TOO NOISY     	| 01:03:28:04 	| 01:03:46:03 	| 00:00:17:24 	|
| JOHN       	| 2     	| BAD ACTING    	| 01:09:00:07 	| 01:09:50:24 	| 00:00:50:17 	|
| MARY       	| 1     	| OUTDOOR NOISE 	| 01:16:18:01 	| 01:16:21:13 	| 00:00:03:12 	|
| MARY       	| 2     	| OUTDOOR NOISE 	| 01:18:48:17 	| 01:18:49:23 	| 00:00:01:06 	|
| MARY       	| 3     	| NOT SURE???   	| 03:00:00:00 	| 03:01:28:08 	| 00:01:28:08 	|
2. Grouped by `TRACK NAME` with `[--tracks]` option.

| TRACK NAME: 	| JOHN          	| START       	| END         	| DURATION    	|
|-------------	|---------------	|-------------	|-------------	|-------------	|
| 1           	| TOO NOISY     	| 01:00:11:18 	| 01:01:22:05 	| 00:01:10:11 	|
| 2           	| BAD ACTING    	| 05:11:28:07 	| 05:11:48:19 	| 00:00:20:12 	|
|             	|               	|             	|             	|             	|
| TRACK NAME: 	| MARY          	| START       	| END         	| DURATION    	|
| 1           	| OUTDOOR NOISE 	| 01:03:28:04 	| 01:03:46:03 	| 00:00:17:24 	|
| 2           	| NOT SURE???   	| 01:09:00:07 	| 01:09:50:24 	| 00:00:50:17 	|
| 3           	| TOO NOISY     	| 05:01:56:13 	| 05:02:32:17 	| 00:00:36:04 	|
